{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Rules of the ClickCoin game\
\
1. Fields of the game\
1.1. Total ClickCoin Count\
1.2. Available ClicCoin count\
1.3. Button "Click me". Clicking it it will increate the coin count by 1\
1.4. Buttons to buy 1x and 10x Upgrades \
1.5. It needs to be able to see the number of each upgrade type\
\
2. Gameplay\
2.1. Clicking the "Click me" button would increase the count of the coins by 1\
2.2. When you have at least 10 coins available, it is possible to buy an 1x upgrade. Initially it costs 10 coins, Each time you buy it it increases the price by 10%.\
2.3. When you have at least 90 coins available, it is possible to buy an 10x update. The price increases by 10% each time as well.\
2.4. When you guy an upgrade, the cost is subtracted from available coins. Total coins will show the number of coins you have ever made, available will show the amount you can spend.\
2.5. Each 1x upgrade will give 1 coin per second, each 10x upgrade will give 10 coins per second. Meaning if you have 5 1x upgrades and 3 10x ones, you get 30+5=35 coins per second.\
2.6. If you do not have enough coins to buy an upgrade, the button has to be disabled.\
\
ClickCoin clicker game.\
\
1. Sp\uc0\u275 les lauki:\
1.1 Kop\uc0\u275 jais ClickCoin skaits, kas ir sav\u257 kts.\
1.2 Pieejamais ClickCoin skaits, ko var t\uc0\u275 r\u275 t.\
1.3. Poga "Click Me", kas palielin\uc0\u257 s ClickCoin skaitu\
1.4. Pogas, lai nopirktu 1x un 10x upgrades.\
1.5. Katram upgrades tipam j\uc0\u257 par\u257 da cik t\u257 di jau ieg\u257 d\u257 ti.\
\
2. Sp\uc0\u275 les gaita:\
2.1. Uzpie\'9eot Click Me pogu, palielin\uc0\u257 s ClickCoin skaits par 1.\
2.1. Kad ir sav\uc0\u257 kti vismaz 10 ClickCoin, tad var nopirkt pirmo upgrade(1x). S\u257 kotn\u275 ji tas maks\u257  10 ClickCoin, bet ar katru nopirk\'9aanas reizi cena palielin\u257 s par 10%.\
2.3. Kad ir sav\uc0\u257 kti vismaz 90 ClickCoin, tad var nopirkt otro upgrade (10x). Cena pace\u316 \u257 s t\u257  pat k\u257  1x Upgrade.\
2.4. 1x Upgrade dod 1 ClickCoin katru sekundi. 10x upgrade dod 10 koinus katru sekundi\
2.5. Ja nepietiek ClickCoin, lai nopirktu k\uc0\u257 du upgrade, bogai ir j\u257 b\u363 t deaktiviz\u275 tai (disabled)}